Add `IfAny` and `IsAny` types (#505)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`RequiredKeysOf`](source/required-keys-of.d.ts) - Extract all required keys from the given type.
- [`HasRequiredKeys`](source/has-required-keys.d.ts) - Create a `true`/`false` type depending on whether the given type has any required fields.
- [`Spread`](source/spread.d.ts) - Mimic the type inferred by TypeScript when merging two objects or two arrays/tuples using the spread syntax.

> - [`IfAny](source/if-any.d.ts) - Create a ternay operator type checking if the given type is `any`.

Reviewer: I think this needs a better description. It's not clear what "ternay operator type checking" means. Also typo.

> - [`IsAny](source/is-any.d.ts) - Create a `true`/`false` type depending if the given type is `any`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`IsAny](source/is-any.d.ts) - Returns a `boolean` for whether the given type is `any`.
```
